# Data Preprocessing
## 1. Methodology
#### The sample construction in this work almost follows Bartram and Grinblatt (2018 & 2021). First, to avoid investing in illiquid or tiny stocks, only firms listed on the NYSE, AMEX or NASDAQ-NMS over the 1998 - 2022 period are selected. Besides, stocks with a monthly market capitalisation of less than $300 million or a monthly stock price of less than $10 are excluded. Second, non-common stocks, secondary listing and foreign listing stocks are excluded. (Matthias et al., 2021) Third, for all remaining firms, non-missing values for market capitalisation and all accounting items are required, except for the item “cash dividends”, since its values are sometimes mistakenly recorded as missing in non-dividend-paying months. For these errors, the missing values are replaced with 0. Then, any data point with a missing value is dropped. Fourth, since the quarterly accounting items are tagged with their data date instead of the available date, all values of accounting items for each firm are manually lagged for 3 months to avoid look-ahead bias. Finally, all quarterly accounting items are converted to monthly frequency by filling the missing values in gap months between quarter ends with the values from the prior-quarter accounting items. After the data preprocessing step, the final dataset contains 7,611 unique firms in total and 1,981 unique firms on average monthly.
## 2. Differences in Data & Methodology with Bartram and Grinblatt (2018 & 2021)
#### First, Bartram and Grinblatt (2018 & 2021) use the price, return and the number of outstanding shares data from the CRSP database. By contrast, the Compustat database is used as the source for the data in this work. Next, Bartram and Grinblatt (2018 & 2021) sum the most recent four quarterly values of accounting items from the income and cash flow statements when training the OLS regression model. In contrast, this step is not done in this work to avoid distorting the characteristics of the data. Finally, compared to the dataset used by Bartram and Grinblatt (2018 & 2021), a stricter market capitalisation and stock price threshold is applied in this work to filter out illiquid and micro-cap stocks. 
